applications: asset_tracker_v2: Request GNSS after A-GPS is processed (#6638)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added new documentation for Asset Tracker v2 :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_modem_module`.
* Added support for A-GPS filtered ephemerides.
* Added new documentation for :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_util_module` and :ref:`api_modules_common`.

> * Added functionality that allows the application to wait for A-GPS data to be processed before requesting GNSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added functionality that allows the application to wait for A-GPS data to be processed before starting GNSS positioning.
```
